Create dns policy (#234)
np-guard/vmware-analyzer: README.md

Flags:
      --anonymize                    flag to anonymize collected NSX resources (default false)
      --color                        flag to enable color output (default false)

>       --create-policy-dns-server     flag to create a policy that allow access to the dns-server (default true)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --synth-create-dns-policy     flag to create a policy allowing access to target env dns pod (default true)
```

Author: fixed, also at command.go

>       --synth-create-dns-policy     flag to create a policy allowing access to target env dns pod (default true)

Reviewer: move to the correct place in the list of flags

Author: fixed
